hey it's DC with HGTV News and today we
have Samsung's F 7000 Smart TV it's just
one step down from the flagship of 8000
series which we reviewed earlier so
click here to watch that review and just
as with the F 8000 this model is powered
by a quad-core processor and run
Samsung's 2013 smart platform with voice
and gesture control it features a
brushed aluminium stem and a very thin
bezel giving it a very high-end look
we're currently looking at the 55 inch
model but it is also available in 40 46
and 60 inch sizes so stay tuned for the
full review the Samsung F 7000 has a
very high-end look thanks to a very thin
silver metal bezel which is wrapped
around the TV it's also very slim at
less than 25 millimeters thick
it features Samsung's one design and has
a rectangular stand with a matching
brushed aluminium finish which looks and
feels very high quality unfortunately it
doesn't swivel in the middle of the
stand and Samsung logo which illuminates
while the TV is on this looks great but
if you're worried about it being
distracting while watching a movie it
can easily be disabled
Samsung has improved the camera
integration over last year's models it
is now hidden away and can be revealed
with a single press for Skype gesture
control and more this feature not only
gives it a cleaner look but is also
great for anyone with privacy concerns
you can also change the angle of the
camera with a toggle at the back all of
the F 7000 supports are flushed to the
back there are four HDMI ports three USB
ports legacy inputs and an evolution kit
port for upgrading the Smart TV
functions in the future there are also
dual tuners for both terrestrial and
satellite signals it is also possible to
connect the USB memory stick to the TV
and use it as a fully capable DVR the
Smart TV features of the F 7000 were
nice and fast thanks to its quad-core
processor and the 2013 version does the
best we have ever seen offering a vast
selection of apps including all of the
popular streaming services such as
Netflix iPlayer you
and more it ships with two pairs of
active 3d shutter glasses and two remote
controls a standard one and a smart one
which features a clickable touchpad for
easy navigation of the Smart Hub and a
microphone for voice control you can
also use an external wireless mouse and
keyboard our Logitech mouse with USB
unifying reciever works straight away we
found the voice and gesture controls to
work better than last year's models and
were very impressed by how well it
worked but the gesture controls
sometimes struggled in certain lighting
conditions the F 7000 has a 1080p LCD
screen which is LED excellent and
features micro dimming to improve the
contrast ratio and black levels it also
features a clear motion rate of 800
while not as fast as the f8 thousands
rate of 1200 we found it to be more than
fast enough which kept the images very
sharp during fast-moving scenes without
any annoying soap-opera effects during
movies it can also be disabled if
desired we were very impressed with the
bright rich natural and contrasting
images of F 7000 and found it to be very
well calibrated out of the box it was
also very easy to tweak the image
settings thanks to his powerful image
controls and its built-in expert
patterns like most modern HD TVs the F
7000 makes use of down firing speakers
while they're not the most powerful
speakers they did provide crisp audio
and clear dialogue the F 7000 also
features a dedicated gaming mode which
brings the lag down to just over 40
milliseconds the Samsung F 7000 is just
one step down the ladder from the afghan
thousand and while its speakers aren't
quite as good it offers an image which
is just as impressive as a flagship f
8,000 at a more attractive price point
overall we were very impressed with the
Samsung F 7000 series and have awarded
it 5 out of 5 stars please make sure and
click the link below to read the full
written review and please be sure to
LIKE and subscribe thanks guys